A girl in the slave family
The son is not afraid of the slave family to come forward to do business
Will it be criticized?
If you are lazy, it is estimated that you will not win the crops.
Those who are famous in the world since ancient times will be full of the world
Why bother with what others say?
Can that young master really make the slave family show up?
I'm not a floating person
It looks like you really want to do business.
The smoke girl bid 150,000 two
Is there a higher price?
This 150,000 twice
150,000 twice
150,000 two or three times
The Chen family's agency is repaid by Ruyan
Thank you, sir.
It's a trivial matter
What's next?
We are going to auction the agency rights of the elf 36 line
The first is still 50,000 two
The boss bid
I 80,000 two
90,000 two, I 100,000 two
I 150,000 two
I 180,000 two